Fallout 76 beta sign up: How to join Bethesda playtest on PS4 and Xbox One
THE FALLOUT 76 beta sign up has been opened by Bethesda, who are looking to playtest their next big title on PS4 and Xbox One.
Bethesda Game Studios release official trailer for Fallout: 76
Having announced their latest testing phase, Bethesda also confirmed how fans could join the Fallout 76 Beta sign up.
Because of the online nature of the new Fallout 76 online mode, Bethesda say they will need plenty of help to get it working properly.
Todd Howard even joked about catching as many bugs as possible, before revealing more about the sign up process.
For fans who want to have a chance at being part of the beta, they will need to head over to the official site.
But when you get to the official site, the faq page for the new beta trial confirms that there's only one way to join the beta trials.
"Pre-ordering Fallout 76 is the only way to get access to the B.E.T.A. Visit fallout.bethesda.net/buy-now to pre-order the game from your preferred participating retailer or digital platform," the Bethesda website confirms.
"The B.E.T.A. will be available on Xbox One, PlayStation 4, and on PC (via Bethesda.net). Stay tuned for exact timing for each platform here and @Fallout on Facebook, Twitter, and Instagram. Please note that the B.E.T.A. for Xbox One will begin first, followed by other platforms."
Following these steps will guarantee you a code for the beta, although this wasn't completely clear during the livestream.
Fallout 76 beta CONFIRMED: Bethesda reveals more about survival test
Bethesda.net DOWN: Fallout 76 beta sign-ups unavailable
We use your sign-up to provide content in ways you've consented to and to improve our understanding of you. This may include adverts from us and 3rd parties based on our understanding. You can unsubscribe at any time. Read our Privacy Policy
Bethesda's Pete Hines commented that both the Elder Scrolls Blades and Fallout 76 beta would involve signing up on the official Bethesda.net.
Dubbed the Break it Early Test Application, players who pre-order the game get the chance at joining the beta, as well as other bonuses.
The Tricentennial edition of Fallout 76 comes with these in-game incentives:
Tricentennial Power Armor Customization for the T-51, T-45, T-60, and X-01 Power Armors
Tricentennial Weapon Customization for the 10MM Pistol, Hatchet, and Laser Rifle
Spectacularly Handsome Vault Boy Mascot Head
When it comes to pre-ordering the game, two others versions will be available to fans who want to buy Fallout 76, the standard edition and the Collector’s Edition.
The Collector’s Edition will include a wearable Power Armor, with pre-order available through either version.
The Fallout 76 beta hasn’t got a release date, but will need to land before the game goes live in November.